# PrivacyPolicyAnaam
This is a project under faculty supervision.

Anaam's Privacy policy updated sept 2022

This Privacy Policy sets out how we, ANAAM, use and protect your personal data that you provide to us, or that is otherwise obtained or generated by us, in connection with your use of our cloud-based messaging services (the “Services”). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, ‘we’, ‘us’, and ‘our’ refers to ANAAM, and ‘you’ refers to you, the user of the Services.
Our app allows you to share information about "drug trafficking" anonymously. 

TECHNICAL BACKGROUND 
The app has been built on Flutter(an open-source software development kit, FlutterFlow, Python, a cross-platform development tool that can use the same code base to develop iOS and Android applications). Anonymity is provided by the use of TOR which works on the principle of onion routing. To filter out legitimate information the use of machine learnings email spam detection algorithm will be used. Further ramifications will continue to develop to enhance the performance.


PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
We have the following fundamental privacy principles  :
• Keeping the user's identity anonymous. 
• Information apart from identity, like location is kept private and secure.
• The most crucial aspect of ANAAM is " anonymity ", TOR comes to aid in this prospect, which works on the principle of onion routing. 

PERMISSION AND DEPENDENCIES
• Internet access: enabled to use of Anaam which will be mandatory to fill the form. Without internet access, you will not be able to access TOR VPN.
• Camera: necessary to capture evidence in the form of photos or videos.
• Microphone: required for recording the audio evidence, helpful in capturing the guilty. 

LINKS TO OTHER SITES:
Our app may provide you with TOR links which may collect the information you want to submit regardless of your personal identity. 

SUPPORT:
If you have any query, concern, or complaint in relation to the collection or usage of your personal information under this privacy policy. Please contact us at cse@gkv.ac.in

CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may revise this policy from time to time without any further notification. The most current version will govern our use of the information provided by your anonymous account.
